[Applause]
[Music]
came dancing out it made me feel like
I'm Ellen yeah oh you're wet you're
Mexican I am maybe gonna what part of
Mexico are you from I'm from Mexico City
ah born and raised Oh got you alright
very nice and you moved are you living
here now or what I've been living here
for seven years now and I moved here
actually to work so it's wit fun I've
enjoyed I miss my tacos but I'm loving
my hotdogs so it's good you know we do
have a taco place or two here in Los
Angeles now I don't know if you got the
word now you were on telenovelas more
than one telenovela which one I know
them all which one were you understood
all that yeah of course well I can't
always kind of understand what's going
on even though even if you don't speak
Spanish because they are so dramatic and
oftentimes over-the-top yeah the music
determines how you're feeling basically
just got done and then you know the evil
twins gonna kill you or something like
now usually you have evil twins that you
have well I had a bodyguard that I fell
in love with and my mom had a bodyguard
that fell in love with and then I fell
in love with another one it was just
consistently just you got to maintain
the the excitement but it is really
dramatic which is what makes it really
fun you know we need that drama in our
life and it's nice to have drama that is
an actual drama in Mexico the
telenovelas are like kind of short like
here in the United States they're like
some of them been on for 40 years or
something yeah but they just kind of
like they do it for a little while and
then they start a new one right yeah
because basically that's sort of like it
has life as a series but it still has
those crazy loops of story it's like you
will definitely start with one storyline
and then someone gets killed and then
that person comes to life again and then
when they're over the actress - there's
this a very famous soap opera where they
were over the actress and so they burned
her face she burned woman and then she
got reconstructed and she was another
actress
Wow that's like a message to to everyone
to be hey that's pretty crazy what are
the big biggest differences between a
production in Mexico and a production
here in the United States well they're
very different but for example like what
when I started working in America I
started in a show in Austin Texas and so
I got there it was my first day I was
really nervous because it was the first
time I was doing something in English
and one of the actors was like oh you
want to come with me to craft gee I was
like uh who that is but sure let's go
and I wouldn't want to say that I didn't
know what it was because I wanted to be
cool a lot of people might not know what
it is but it's it's a table of food the
craft service exactly
so I go to crafty and so he starts
picking up food and so I'm like wow
there's a lot of food in here and
granted in Austin Texas have you been
there there's a lot of truck like food
trucks yeah so I grab my stuff and then
I looked at them and they're like I'll
go how much do I owe you
I never he's like what do you mean and I
go do I have a tab and they're like it's
for free yeah that's sort of like we
didn't get that in Mexico but it's fun
they're very different that's the great
thing about television and movies and
acting is you're really especially when
you're an actor you can't eat because
you have to stay thin so they give you
as much free food and it's like a
special brand of hell that they've
developed exclusively for actors your
mom is in the audience tonight
does she come with you
[Applause]
that's nice and you already do they live
here with you know are they no sadly my
mom well good for her cuz she's still in
Mexico and she loves it there but I miss
her a lot but she comes with me
sometimes to set
I gotcha and this we just finished
shooting Hobbes and Shaw in London and
so she came with me and she is so sweet
and it's very endearing but she will
tell very embarrassing stories of me too
like my co-stars Oh tell one what story
has he told and I know now this is you
embarrassing yourself but what did she
told your co-stars well when we were
shooting for example baby driver we were
always like Jamie Foxx and Jon Jon Hamm
and I were a couple in the movie so I
wanted to feel like tough badass and you
know my mom was I go you should have
seen her when I she was a little baby I
shaved her head so her hair would go and
it grow like spikes and it took her
forever to be the same the baby's head
yeah that's a Mexican thing is it really
yeah so if you shaved her head well this
is what they believe you shave their
heads their hair will grow better I mean
it looks like it's done very well well
yeah I mean it has
[Applause]
Guillermo did anyone shave your head
because your hair is like like the teeth
of a comb yeah once my grandma did
grandma shaved her head once when I was
little yeah and it came back nice and
bushy and strong yes yeah something that
you want to be well right now I'm a
resident um I have a green card well I
used to have a green card
what happened to your green card did
Trump take it I have a feeling a
half-hour attacked chatting with you and
he will turn in the whole wall if
they're pretty they can stay didn't say
it he thought it no well I used to he's
not taking it yet but I went skydiving
don't judge me for this but I lost my
wallet I lose my everything all the time
and so I lost my wallet so they need an
ID ID to sort of know who the hell is
jumping out of the plane right and so I
gave it to them and I forgot because I
was so nervous and I put it in my back
pocket
and I went skydiving and you halfway
through I just was like oh oh and then I
just I guess I dropped it into earth and
now someone out there's a Zagan solace
wow it's a good thing you landed on this
side of the border you may never so this
movie is
it's based on a true story Steve Carell
is your co-star in the movie were you
familiar with Steve and his work on
television and movies and subway yeah
course I grew up watching a lot of his
movies and he's just such a it's so cool
because he's such a good comedian but he
does a complete different thing on this
film and I think that people are gonna
enjoy it so much he plays a man who
dresses as a woman and it's based on a
true story yeah he's a character
well it's mark Hogan camp which shares
his story with the world just to inspire
everyone obviously because he's gone
through a whole lot of moments in his
life and he had a really terrible thing
happen to him try not to spoil the movie
for you guys but he went through an
active of hate for being different and
Steve embodies mark and he wears shoes
heels girls shoes in this movie and what
I will say is I never thought Steve
Carell could dance in heels better than
I did
oh I was very impressed with Steve he
was incredible oh this is a talented I
wonder if he even knew Wow incredible
that's great to me you're great to have
you here
movies called welcome to Marwin it opens
in theaters Friday hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and this is the Internet I made it
myself
hit subscribe if you like it